Docker Song and Score client setup with docker exec commands (#366)
overture-stack/website: markdown/documentation/score/user-guide/commands.md

## Download

> The `download` command is used to retrieve file object(s) from the remote storage repository and can be used with the following option flags:

Reviewer: Rather than repeating the titles here, I'm inclined to suggest we say "this command"

Author: The code snippet explicitly indicates it is the command, less chance of misinterpretation

Reviewer: oh... Allow me to explain myself better like this:
```suggestion
This command is used to retrieve file object(s) from the remote storage repository and can be used with the following option flags:
```

## Help

The `help` command can be used to display detailed information about Score client commands and their options.

## Info

The `info` command shows the active configuration details of the Score client. It can be used with the following option flag:

| Option | Description |
| -------| ------------|
| `--verbose` | Displays an exhaustive list of all Score client configuration properties.  Without this option, only a reduced, minimal set of properties is displayed. |

## Manifest

The `manifest` command shows entries of a specific Score manifest file. It can be used with the following option flag:

| Option | Description |
| -------| ------------|
| `--manifest` | Manifest file ID, manifest file URL, or path to the manifest file that you want to display the contents for. |

## Mount

> The `mount` command is a read-only <a href="https://github.com/libfuse/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">FUSE</a> filesystem view of the object storage repository in use by Score. This command can be used with the following option flags:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `mount` command is a read-only <a href="https://github.com/libfuse/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">FUSE</a> filesystem view of the object storage repository in use by Score, and it can be used with the following optional flags:
```
